DOCS-8072-4.3-tuning-caching-kt (#1413)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/tuning-caching.adoc

= How Caching Use Helps to Improve Processing Performance
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Identifying key aspects of your data such as when to use cache and which cache strategy to follow, helps you to improve processing performance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve processing performance, ask yourself the following questions about your data use:
```

> * Is the data frequently called with often repeated results?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Is the data frequently called, with often repeated results?
```

> * Can you afford eventual consistency between the data source and the cache information? At least for a while until cache refreshes.

Reviewer: Our style is that bullet-list items be one sentence max, so, first I would break this:
```suggestion
* Can you afford eventual consistency between the data source and the cache information? +
At least for a while until cache refreshes.
```
But I think that the real question here is...:
* <Can your process continue if the data source and cache information is temporarily inconsistent while the cache refreshes?

> Mule runtime engine (Mule) offers customizable strategies, such as Cache scope and HTTP Caching API Gateway policy, to enable cache according to your needs. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mule runtime engine (Mule) offers customizable strategies, such as the Cache scope and the HTTP Caching API Gateway policy, to enable cache according to your needs. Both of these strategies help applications that constantly request the same data by reducing the processing load, especially network interactions with a remote host.+
```

Reviewer: Beware of making each sentence its own separate paragraph. Decide which should be grouped and which not.

> Both strategies help applications that constantly request the same data by reducing the processing load, especially network interactions with a remote host.

Reviewer: Merge with prev. sentence.
```suggestion
```

> For Cache scope, in a production environment, the default in-memory caching configuration might consume all your memory resources. To avoid this consumption, use an object-store caching configuration with well-defined storage and expiry policies.

Reviewer: I suggest ending this topic with the previous paragraph and saving the example of the Caching scope for its appropriate subtopic.
The following text does not really tell the reader what the Cache scope is or how it solves the problem caused by in-cache memory, and it does not mention the other strategy, the policy, at all.

If you decide to keep this text anyway, clean it up as follows?
```suggestion
For example, consider a production environment in which the default in-memory caching consumes all of your memory resources. To avoid this, use object-store caching with well-defined storage and expiry policies.
```

Reviewer: Again, at this point does your audience know that object-store caching = the Cache scope or what well-defined storage and expiry policies = HTTP Caching API Gateway policies are?
